README.md, before:


In 2018 Navitas Semiconductor came up with a very fast GaN Mosfet that enables the design of laptop power
adapters and USB chargers with a power density of 20W/in3 or better.

In the same year, Texas Instruments came up with the design of a 70W AC/DC Flyback converter with a power density
of about 30W per cubic inch. This allows the development of a power adapter that is 4 times smaller 
than the 2018 Apple Powerbook wall power adapter.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PDF/TIDA-01622.png?raw=true" alt=""/>
</p>

In this repository you can find an open-source KiCad implementation of a very similar 70W Flyback converter.	

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PDF/flyback_conv.jpg?raw=true" alt=""/>
</p>

## Electronic Schematic
![][flyback_conv_sch]

[flyback_conv_sch]: https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PDF/flyback_conv_sch.png ""

## Printed Circuit Board
This is the 2 layer PCB designed.

![][flyback_conv_pcb]

[flyback_conv_pcb]: https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PCB/flyback_conv_pcb.png ""

## References

[KiCad EDA Tool]: (http://kicad-pcb.org/)
[APEC 2017 Active Clamp Flyback Converter]: (https://www.navitassemi.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/APEC-2017-Active-Clamp-Flyback-3-29-17.pdf)
[Navitas Semiconductor - White papers]: (https://www.navitassemi.com/white-papers-articles/)

## More Information
For any enquiry contact:

fabrizio.tappero@gmail.com

Commit message:

added Panasonic GaN mosfet datasheets

README.md, after:


In 2018 Navitas Semiconductor announced what it calls the world’s smallest, fastest-charging mobile adapter enabled 
by GaNFast power ICs delivering 5x greater power than standard smartphone chargers and has 2x higher power density.

In the same year, Texas Instruments presented the design of a 70W AC/DC Flyback converter with a power density
of about 30W per cubic inch. This allows the development of a power adapter that is 4 times smaller 
than the 2018 Apple Powerbook wall power adapter.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PDF/TIDA-01622.png?raw=true" alt=""/>
</p>

In this repository you can find an open-source KiCad implementation of a very similar 70W Flyback converter.	

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PDF/flyback_conv.jpg?raw=true" alt=""/>
</p>

## Electronic Schematic
![][flyback_conv_sch]

[flyback_conv_sch]: https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PDF/flyback_conv_sch.png ""

## Printed Circuit Board
This is the 2 layer PCB designed.

![][flyback_conv_pcb]

[flyback_conv_pcb]: https://github.com/fabriziotappero/flyback-conv/blob/master/PCB/flyback_conv_pcb.png ""

## GaN MOSFET Devices
All major developments into high-desity AC/DC flyback converters are dne around fancy GaN Mosfets that are 
not so readly available. For instance, the Texas Intruments TIDA-01622 schematic is built around the Navitas 
Semiconductor NV6117 and the NV6115. Both very hard to find.

At the time of writing (04/2018) the only GaN Mosfet available to me is the Panasonic PGA26E07BA or the cheaper PGA26E19BA.
Both GaN FET would probably require a driver, the Panasonic AN34092B.

The datasheet of all mentioned components are available in the /PDF folder.

## References

[KiCad EDA Tool]: (http://kicad-pcb.org/)
[APEC 2017 Active Clamp Flyback Converter]: (https://www.navitassemi.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/APEC-2017-Active-Clamp-Flyback-3-29-17.pdf)
[Navitas Semiconductor - White papers]: (https://www.navitassemi.com/white-papers-articles/)

## More Information
For any enquiry contact:

fabrizio.tappero@gmail.com
